
User Story - Mia

0:00 - Intro by Lina
	
0:15 - Main Page (Registration and Login)

0:30 

0:45 - Quiz Page

1:00

1:15

1:30 - Lead in to Sanchith

1:45 - Culture Page

2:00

2:15 - Review Page

2:30

2:45 - 

3:00 - Lead in to John
	‘Thank you Sanchith, my name is John and I’ve had the pleasure of being the back end engineer on team Embark!’

3:15 - Jobs List Page
	‘Our jobs list page takes all of Mia’s culture preferences, uses jQuery and Ajax to filter companies out using Glassdoor’s API, then searches Indeed’s API for the companies, industries, and locations.  This report gives Mia the opportunity to take a look at what is available and allows her to see what skillsets she’ll need to pursue a career in these industries.’ 
	-Click on locations
	-Click on a link and show href

3:30 - Title Page
	‘In addition to the listings that will help Mia change careers, we also include information about what others in the same job as her have gone on to do.  This chart shows the progression of jobs other nurses have gone on to have from her position, giving Mia the information she needs to maybe not change industries but progress in her current field.’
	
3:45 - Title Page
	‘Now that Mia has enough information to make some decisions, she’s excited to take the next step.  We also provide resources to help her continue in her journey to change careers.’

4:00 - Dashboard - User Story
	‘After taking a look at a few resources to help her move forward, Mia finally lands on the Dashboard page, which compiles all of the information from the rest of the site into one easy to navigate place.  From here she can also revisit parts of the site to update or change preferences.

	The goal we have with Embark is to take someone like Maya and give them information to make career changing seem less daunting and more within reach.  From here, Maya will now be able to move forward with her career change feeling inspired.

4:15

4:30

4:45 - Phase 2

5:00



Notes - Lina starts off strong, speeds up after intro, sanchith, solid enjoyment, john slow down a bit